in the batteries put usually x when
He managed to recover also being very well
gift for benzema within the area
benzema is going to play the ball for
cristian the Christian cut out hits her
the stick
corner kick I created the
college
he was not the defender along with the vote to
ronaldo Christian who looked sore
now it helps you get up pp take off
corner hurt us there goes the
shoot is short the ball to
the play rehearsed ball to the far post
try to attack ball pp wants to get him
cpp clogs
He had a hard time trying and corsi
and the real madrid very well as
He commented certainly not go
I was playing against 6 crises in the pp and
not him
know what is important you see that it has
a major importance the husband does not
reveals about the band marcelo comes to
press him víctor rodríguez long ball
looking for the sensual back
to the poor penalty point
billy got Danny out of his head
carvajal and albacar to work
again and moves fast karim
benzema
says the collegiate that goes with the
ball the real madrid holds Christian
Attention that starts has 20 plays
benzema can shoot from there it has
heeled cutout of 20 more looking for
Christian and notice that I think he sins
of alto piano plays largo albacar al
head jump pp and arrives for the ball
benzema benzema wants to play about baby
He can put it in good position and see
Christian did not expect the ruling by
in front of
in short disc for cross cross for
christian christian benzema double wall
that ends up aborting the elche and looking
between the attention area john tied the
shot of Aaron hits on toni
kroos the reject for caret bale
convinces badly they keep it safe
trying a shortened autopase adrián
that does not open on the left band
marcelo plays inside for this
change the pace you go the whole first
also of the second try the cut
delivery for gareth bale within the area
he will put second stick
cardio your maneuver
the position of karim benzema
it's not very clear can a tad
but we will have to pull books
if it is not very tight
online has been clear
It was obviously well placed
maneuver had been wonderful michael
it's wonderful and aaron's shot had
received the shipment of victor ball for
and the real madrid
out of play
the tread also tends
that says no and that there is not one more like
it is obviously the first thing that
it had sounded has been out of play for
karim benzema but you have seen that subject
the stomps but a blow over
of the boot with the toe but the blow
exists
this is going to throw us hit the ball
second suit
they will have seized it says the
collegiate here the ball does not pass anything
for pepe
you can put it by the second post
dangerous but for karim benzema the
hitting the ball is handed over to the
band for disk you run with diagonal
try to close out there Adrian
Christian also marks karim benzema
the remote for the Portuguese the clipping
of Christian falls on the front of Calais
with the wait outside
from school we are lacking on aaron
anticipation of also suárez damián
Suarez lets the collegiate follow
balls carries danger for Christian
within the area a Christian gets the pass
half come and go occasions the
Real Madrid to score at the end to
open the marker
exactly the same before and really
has not had occasions to mark and
curiously it has been with bad luck and
for the part of the cci that ends up marking
not because the clearance hits him in the
goalie
assists python titan to burn
that karim benzema everything rigorous that
he did in the first half of Real Madrid
it did not bear fruit however this
bad luck blow for the part of the
chipo is already by the first with framed
you are the ball to marcelo up
moves karim benzema returns the ball
Christian of the ball for the French
the maneuver is perfect appears marcelo
arrives by in the band
Christian is going to marcelo within the
cutout area for
gareth bale goes on speed
persecuted because now you're attention to
deck of cards
benzema that appears Rodríguez to the band
a hibiscus facing damián suárez
bottom line slows down gets out
the Christian head pass
everything will be touched the ball for toni
kross looking for benzema change benzema already
runs gareth bale through the center
christian ball for christian
very clear right in front of heels
against the pressure of midfield elche
the ilicitano team that tries more
up to pepe who end up looking up
deliver the ball to Karim Benzema
opening to the band lucas silva prepares
the shipment puts it on the screw and the ball
Cristiano Ronaldo clears in saves the
entrance asks danny carvajal receives
from the step lombán you go cheating ball
for karim benzema good the pause
second suit
jalisco receives choirs and returns for
discs with play Karim Benzema
has to the left marcelo inside
a gareth bale receives gareth bale comes
the cross wall damián suárez invited the
arrival of the disc plays compare runs
by the Karim benzema band offering their
uncheck the ball karim benzema
come to marcelo you want to put the
ball for marcelo fights with also
luck wins it marcelo closes suárez
the ilicitano team to the adventure is
arriving at speed
to the ground to recover the most value
the ball for gareth bale takes applause
from martínez valero
heel benzema does not come out wants to get
isco again took out see and that has won
his matches as he should before the elche in
an important meeting